Sit down, what are you doing?
It's none of your business, let's go away.
Yes, Xiaoju, why are you here again?
Chen Ju, don’t you miss me anymore?
Xiaoju, if my father knew that you came to see me again,
I won’t beat you to death. Chen Ju, for you,
I'm not afraid of anything. I know,
But I don’t want anything to happen to you, I just want you to be well,
Can you understand?
Chen Ju, don’t worry, this time,
Your father will definitely promise us.
My father will continue to look down on you,
No matter what, he won't agree.
As long as you want, no one can surprise us.
Of course I do,
Even if you give up the whole world
I just want to be with you
Even if I go to the streets with you every day to collect rags, it would be better
I'm at home and it's not too late to eat. That's fine.
Then I'll go see your dad
This time I will have a good chat with him about Xiaojun
Don't be stupid
It really doesn't work
If my dad finds out you come to me again
will kill you